* TODO

- The "schedule" invocation should wake up threads waiting in the
  "execute" function.

* DONE

- Task pool should have "schedule" function.

  The task-pool interface must be simple. It shouldn't expose too
  verbose public API. It will make changes to the library difficult
  because user code may break.

  Lets define a "schedule" function that takes care of adding a task
  into a task-pool and adding runnable task into the waiting
  list. This change makes the "insert/erase/push_back/pop_front"
  functions private.

  Also, having higher level interface gives us more room to optmize
  the underlying implementation.

- Make tasks belong to a task-pool for entire life-time.

  We expect tasks to be created for performing long running
  actions/requests involving multiple cpu and io operations and their
  priorities, etc. to be defined at the task-pool level. So, it is
  important to have the ability to inspect all tasks of a subsystem
  through its task-pool for debugging, reporting and analysis.

  Note that depending on the steps involved in completing, a task may
  migrate between different task-pools waiting for execution. Such
  tasks are still part of its originating task-pool even though they
  currently may be executed in a different task-pool context.

  The "task_list" in the task-pool and the "originating_pool_link" in
  task are used to maintain this relation between the tasks and the
  task-pools.

- Add a private interface to get the current task pool.

  Since tasks are always tied to a task-pool, if a _current_ task
  wants to switch to another task-pool, it has to store the current
  task-pool in its stack so that it can come back to it later. This is
  crucial for implementing asynchronous operations.

  The "waiting_link" member of the task structure cannot be used for
  this purpose because "waiting_link" is not guaranteed to link only
  to the task-pools (mutexes, semaphres, sleep etc. may use it)

  When current task_pool is returned, no reference is taken on the
  task-pool. Since this is a private interface, we are expected to
  handle this as necessary.

- Task pool should have "execute" function.

  It is unnecessary to implement the task-pool execution loop in every
  test case. Having this method as part of the library simplifies the
  testcases. Also, this makes using libtask library less error prone.

- Every task should have a owner task-pool.

  Supporting tasks without an associated task-pool is not a frequent
  case. Besides, creating a task-pool and adding a task to it doesn't
  cost anything, so lets drop support for independent tasks.
